Update deploy guide (#1541)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn/how-to-deploy-and-run-ballerina-programs.md

> 1. A [`public function`](/learn/by-example/functions-as-entry-points.html) including [`main()`](/learn/by-example/hello-world.html) function that runs as a terminating process.

Reviewer: We don't have the functions-as-entry-points example now. 

Shall we change L4 to 
"A Ballerina application can have: "

And change this to 
```suggestion
1. A [`main()`](/learn/by-example/the-main-function.html) function that runs as a terminating process.
```

2. A [`service`](/learn/by-example/hello-world-service.html), which is a hosted non-terminating process.

> Both of these are considered "entrypoints" for program execution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of these are considered as entry points for program execution. 
```

$ ballerina run foo.bal
```

> You can compile a source file with an entrypoint into an executable jar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can compile a source file with an entry point into an executable jar.
```

$ ballerina run foo.bal
```

You can compile a source file with an entrypoint into an executable jar.
    
```bash

> $ ballerina build foo.bal [-o outputfilename.jar]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
$ ballerina build [-o outputfilename.jar] foo.bal 
```

> $ ballerina build foo.bal [-o outputfilename.jar]

Reviewer: This doesn't work atm. Need to swap the option

```suggestion
$ ballerina build [-o outputfilename.jar] foo.bal
```

```  

And you can run `.jar` files directly:
```bash

> $ ballerina run filename-executable.jar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ballerina run filename.jar
```

The `-executable` suffix was removed.

Options for running programs with entrypoints in a project:  
```bash
$ ballerina run main.bal

> $ ballerina run main-executable.jar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ballerina run main.jar
```

}
```

> The config key is `hello.user.name`. To pass a value to this config from the CLI, we can run the following command. The `--` passes the key and value to the program.

Reviewer 3: '--' actually have different meaning where we use to terminate the config args. So after thet even you have --something will take as args.

Author: what do you want  me to include here? Please specify what needs to be included here.

Reviewer 3: Latest changes seems fine.

> The config key is `hello.user.name`. To pass a value to this config from the CLI, we can run the following command. The `--` passes the key and value to the program.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The config key is `hello.user.name`. To pass a value to this config from the CLI, we can use `--key=value` format as the following command. 
```

$ ballerina run main.bal
Hello, Ballerina !
```

> To explicitly specify a configuration file, use either the `--b7a.config.file` flag. The path to the configuration file can be either an absolute or a relative path. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To explicitly specify a configuration file, use the `--b7a.config.file` property. The path to the configuration file can be either an absolute or a relative path. 
```

```bash
$ ballerina build hello_world_docker.bal  
Compiling source
        hello_world_docker.bal
Generating executables

>         hello_world_docker-executable.jar

Reviewer: Shall we recheck the `-executable` suffix everywhere?

NAME                                              DATA      AGE
employee-data-service-ballerina-conf-config-map   1         2m
```

> This is the config-map created for the `ballerina.conf` file, as the `ballerinaConf:"./conf/data-service.conf"` attribute is used. At run time, it is an equivalent of:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This is the config-map created for the `ballerina.conf` file, as the `ballerinaConf:"./conf/data-service.conf"` attribute is used. At run time, it is equivalent to:
```

```bash

> $ ballerina run --b7a.config.file=./conf/data-service.conf <source>.jar 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ ballerina run <source>.jar --b7a.config.file=./conf/data-service.conf
```
